readme.md, before:


# Split-KV

## 📸 Gallery
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/facc2d41-047b-40d8-8d85-fbbf2560d993)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/577be54e-bb98-47d3-b7ed-3825dd7b27bc)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/864d35f6-fbb1-45d1-9302-0e317a68a131)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c86a35c6-55eb-4ace-ba85-0e64121ed26a)


## Overview
I'm Joseph, and this is my split keyb! It features 58 keys, bluetooth support, and rechargeable LIPO! Im using the supermini nrf52840 as the mcu due to it being a budget nice nano! im kinda rushing rn since my FRC comp is in a few hours!


## About 

Ive looked at ergo split keyboards like the corne and drawn inspiration from them, which allowed me to create this keyboard!

# BOM:
- 2x Super Mini nrf52840
- 58x Choc Switches (idc abt type)
- 3x PCB
- 58x smd mounted diodes (im fancy this time LMAFO)
- 58x Choc Keycaps
- 8x 3M screws
- 8x 3M Heat sink inserts
- 58x Choc hotswaps
- 2x smd Reset switch
- 2x SPDT Toggle Switch
- 2x Lipo 3.4V 100mAh

## PCB
|Vendor | Price |
|:---- |:----:|
| JLCPCB | $17 |

## Switches
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
|Kailh Choc v1 Switches |ChosFox |$43.18|


## Keycaps
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
|MBK PBT Blank Choc Keycaps |Keebio |$25.00|


## Fasteners
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
| M3 Inserts| AliExpress | $1.20 |
| M3 Heat Set| AliExpress |$3.07  |

## Misc Electronics
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
| 1N4148W-7-F Diode| DigiKey| $3|
| R-666994 Reset Switch| DigiKey| $4|
| 2 DPDT Switches| DigiKey | $3.64 |
| 3.3v lipo| YDL Battery | $7.24 |
| Kailh Choc v1 Hotswap Sockets| AliExpress | $8.18 |
| supermini nrf52840| AliExpress | $6.25| 


## Colors

Ill print this out myself!

Commit message:

Update README with note on repo creation date
Added a note about the repository's creation date and origin.

readme.md, after:


# Split-KV

## 📸 Gallery
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/facc2d41-047b-40d8-8d85-fbbf2560d993)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/577be54e-bb98-47d3-b7ed-3825dd7b27bc)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/864d35f6-fbb1-45d1-9302-0e317a68a131)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c86a35c6-55eb-4ace-ba85-0e64121ed26a)


## Overview
#just a note, it says this repo was created in june, however the orginal one is made in march under a fork of hackpad :p
I'm Joseph, and this is my split keyb! It features 58 keys, bluetooth support, and rechargeable LIPO! Im using the supermini nrf52840 as the mcu due to it being a budget nice nano! im kinda rushing rn since my FRC comp is in a few hours!


## About 

Ive looked at ergo split keyboards like the corne and drawn inspiration from them, which allowed me to create this keyboard!

# BOM:
- 2x Super Mini nrf52840
- 58x Choc Switches (idc abt type)
- 3x PCB
- 58x smd mounted diodes (im fancy this time LMAFO)
- 58x Choc Keycaps
- 8x 3M screws
- 8x 3M Heat sink inserts
- 58x Choc hotswaps
- 2x smd Reset switch
- 2x SPDT Toggle Switch
- 2x Lipo 3.4V 100mAh

## PCB
|Vendor | Price |
|:---- |:----:|
| JLCPCB | $17 |

## Switches
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
|Kailh Choc v1 Switches |ChosFox |$43.18|


## Keycaps
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
|MBK PBT Blank Choc Keycaps |Keebio |$25.00|


## Fasteners
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
| M3 Inserts| AliExpress | $1.20 |
| M3 Heat Set| AliExpress |$3.07  |

## Misc Electronics
|Name |Vendor | Price |
|:--- |:---- |:----:|
| 1N4148W-7-F Diode| DigiKey| $3|
| R-666994 Reset Switch| DigiKey| $4|
| 2 DPDT Switches| DigiKey | $3.64 |
| 3.3v lipo| YDL Battery | $7.24 |
| Kailh Choc v1 Hotswap Sockets| AliExpress | $8.18 |
| supermini nrf52840| AliExpress | $6.25| 


## Colors

Ill print this out myself!
